fix the issue that 'APPTAINER_TMPDIR' does not overwrite 'TMPDIR' when pulling or building image via oras protocol (#3139)
apptainer/apptainer: CHANGELOG.md

  `--workdir` usage description but the home directory has not actually
  been included at least since singularity-2.
- Add support for building and publishing Apptainer for Ubuntu 25.04 PPA.

> - Fix the issue that `APPTAINER_TMPDIR` does not overwrite `TMPDIR` when pulling
>   or building image via oras protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix reading images using the oras protocol to store temporary files in `APPTAINER_TMPDIR`
  instead of `TMPDIR`.
```
